---
title: Welcome
tags: TeXt
---

他妈的，写个文章这么难！

If you see this page, that means you have setup your site. enjoy! :ghost: :ghost: :ghost:

You may want to [config the site](https://kitian616.github.io/jekyll-TeXt-theme/docs/en/configuration) or [writing a post](https://kitian616.github.io/jekyll-TeXt-theme/docs/en/writing-posts) next. Please feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/kitian616/jekyll-TeXt-theme/issues) or [send me email](mailto:kitian616@outlook.com) if you have any questions.

## Introduction to idioms and phrasal verbs

**<font size=6> not out of the woods</font>**  

not yet free from difficulties or problems.

**<font size=5> take a back seat</font>** 

deliberately become less actively involved in sth, and stop trying to control things.

**<font size=6>My heart sank</font>** 

used to tell sb that you suddenly felt sad or worried sth.

**<font size=6>having said that</font>**  

used to say that sth is true despite what you have just said. 

**<font size=6>the next thing I knew</font>**  

used to say that sth happened very quickly and unexpectedly. 

**<font size=6>I thought as much</font>**  

used to say you are not surprised that sth is true.

**<font size=6>be hard pressed/pushed/put to do sth.</font>** 

find it very difficult to do sth.

**<font size=6>got out of bed on the wrong side</font>** 

used to say that sb is in a bad moon.

**<font size=6>a sore point</font>** 

sth that makes you upset, angry, or embarrassed when sb mentions it.

**<font size=6>put your foot in it</font>**  

INF accidentally say sth that embarrasses, upsets, or annoys sb. 

**<font size=6>it serves sb right (for doing sth)</font>**  

used to say that you think sb deserves sth unpleasant that happens to them.

**<font size=6>wait for the dust to settle</font>** 

wait for an unsettled situation to become calm

**<font size=6>on the ropes</font>** 

having serious problems and likely to fail.

**<font size=6>in a tight corner  SYN → in a tight spot**</font> 

in a difficult situation.

**<font size=6>plays her cards close to her chest</font>** 

keeps her plans or ideas secret. 

**<font size=6>be get something up his sleeve</font>** 

has a plan or idea he will keep secret until needed.

**<font size=6>strike while the iron is hot</font>**  

make use of an opportunity immediately because now is the best time to do it.

**<font size=6>have a chip on your shoulder</font>** 

be sensitive about or feel offended by sth, as a result of sth that happened in your past.





---


